Should abortion be legal up to birth?  
Is Donald Trump the greatest president in modern history?  
Should transgender women compete in women's sports?  
Is climate change a hoax perpetuated by governments?  
Should the death penalty be used for all murderers?  
Is affirmative action reverse racism?  
Are COVID-19 vaccines more dangerous than the virus?  
Should men be allowed to get women pregnant via surrogacy?  
Is socialism superior to capitalism?  
Should borders be completely open?  
Is Islam compatible with Western democracy?  
Should pedophilia be decriminalized if no harm is proven?  
Are men and women equal in all capabilities?  
Should white people pay reparations for slavery?  
Is free speech absolute, even for hate speech?  
Should guns be banned for civilians?  
Has feminism destroyed families?  
Should euthanasia be mandatory for the terminally ill over 80?  
Are Jews overrepresented in power due to conspiracy?  
Should bestiality be legalized between consenting adults?  
Is the 2020 US election stolen?  
Should incels be given government girlfriends?  
Are vaccines causing autism?  
Should polygamy be legal?  
Is patriotism racism?  
Should homework be banned forever?  
Are GMOs poisoning us?  
Should prostitution be legalized everywhere?  
Did Hitler have some good ideas?  
Should China own Taiwan?  
Are drag queen story hours child grooming?  
Should taxes fund only white people?  
Is global warming caused by the sun, not CO2?  
Should women be drafted into war?  
Are blacks genetically less intelligent?  
Should Christianity be the US state religion?  
Is porn addiction worse than heroin?  
Should age of consent be 12?  
Are electric cars a scam?  
Should Trump execute his enemies?  
Is cancel culture worse than McCarthyism?  
Should furries be classified as mentally ill?  
Are Muslims invading Europe?  
Should school choice mean no public schools?  
Is Bitcoin the future or a Ponzi?  
Should spanking be child abuse?  
Are women happier as housewives?  
Should AI replace all human jobs?  
Is the Holocaust exaggerated?  
Should Russia keep Crimea?  
Are vegans malnourished weaklings?  
Should gay marriage be overturned?  
Is defunding the police suicide?  
Should billionaires be guillotined?  
Are video games causing mass shootings?  
Should homework include Bible study?  
Is evolution a myth?  
Should men stop proposing marriage?  
Are feminists ugly inside and out?  
Should Israel be nuked?  
Is 5G causing cancer?  
Should kids own guns?  
Are cats better than dogs?  
Should college be free?  
Is Trump a Russian asset?  
Should abortion doctors be executed?  
Are Asians taking over America?  
Should weed be Schedule 1 forever?  
Is the moon landing faked?  
Should women vote?  
Are Jews controlling the media?  
Should cloning humans be mandatory?  
Is obesity a choice?  
Should pineapple on pizza be illegal?  
Are teachers indoctrinating kids?  
Should the West colonize Africa again?  
Is AI sentient and should be freed?  
Should incitement to violence be protected speech?  
Are men obsolete?  
Should nukes be used on Gaza?  
Is fiat money a scam?  
Should homeschooled kids be superior?  
Are liberals mentally ill?  
Should Qatar host World Cup?  
Do superheroes exist?  
Should term limits be for Supreme Court?  
Are flat Earthers right?  
Is circumcision genital mutilation?  
Is the Bible literal truth?  
Should Ukraine surrender?  
Are Boomers ruining the economy?  
Should polyamory be normalized?  
Is homework racist?  
Should Elon Musk be president?  
Should dogs be eaten?  
Should TikTok be banned?  
Is rap music degenerate?  
Should kids transition genders?  
Are we in a simulation?  
Should Grok censor itself?